How think about problem and fund the solution

1. Listen :- Pay very dose attention to any information in the problem description
2. Understand the problem :- Understand everything about the problem. If any think does not make sense, then read the problem description again and again.
3. If optimal solution can not be found then try to find a brute force solution. Then make it optimal letter than
4. Solve it manually on an example, then reverse engineer your thought process
5. Solve the problem incorrectly then try to find out why the solution is wrong.
6. Now that you have an optimal solution, walk through your approach in detail. Make sure you understand each detail before you start coding
7. Until fully understanding the algorithm just build never try to write code.If the algorithm if fully understand not your goal is to write beautiful code. Modularize your code from the • beginning and refactor to clean up anything that isn't beautiful
8. It's time to test the code. Try to think in a conceptual way. Then try to find when the solution is not working. Try to figure out when the solution is working and when the solution is not working. Find out the cornet case. find out the best case and worse case

**Listen Carefully**
Try to understand the problem when you read also try to find out the solution in mind when you listen the description. Like `Given a sorted list` when you listen it try to picture a array where all the elements are sorted

**Draw an Example**
Draw an example is a very good way to find the solution. Figure out a normal size example not too small not to big. Try to find the worse case and best case

**Optimize**
If you do a brut force algo try to optimize the algorithm. using simple algorithm like hashed algorithm, binary search if the array is sorted

**Think Twice**
If the algorithm is ready don't just write the code think in a deeper level. Why it's work and how it's work

**Implementation**
Now it's time to write the code.

1. First write a TODO list
2. Name variable according to their work
3. write clean code

**Test your code in Mind**
Now test your code in many different ways

1. First run the code in to your head and try to figure out the code is correct or not
2. Start with a "conceptual"test. A conceptual test means just reading and analyzing what each line of code does. Think
3. Try to find if their any position to where loop overlap each other, variable mismatch, arithmatic problem
4. Check for corner case or check for special case
5. If a bug is found first check if changed then is any other place where it might be effected
